Document conditions for popup-opening by window.open, and BarProp values (#10339)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/open/obsolete_features/index.md

- `personalbar` {{deprecated_inline}}
  - : If this feature is on, then the new secondary window renders the Personal Toolbar in Netscape 6.x, Netscape 7.x and Mozilla browser. It renders the Bookmarks Toolbar in Firefox. In addition to the Personal Toolbar, Mozilla browser will render the Site Navigation Bar if such toolbar is visible, present in the parent window.
    Mozilla and Firefox users can force new windows to always render the Personal Toolbar/Bookmarks toolbar by setting `dom.disable_window_open_feature.personalbar` to _true_ in [about:config](http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Editing+configuration+files#about_config) or in their [user.js file](http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/kb/Editing+configuration+files#user_js).

> - `outerWidth` {{deprecated_inline}} (only on Firefox, obsolete from Firefox 80)
>   - : Specifies the width of the whole browser window in pixels. This
>     `outerWidth` value includes the window vertical scrollbar (if present) and
>     left and right window resizing borders.
> - `outerHeight` {{deprecated_inline}} (only on Firefox, obsolete from Firefox 80)
>   - : Specifies the height of the whole browser window in pixels. This
>     `outerHeight` value includes any/all present toolbar, window horizontal
>     scrollbar (if present) and top and bottom window resizing borders. Minimal required
>     value is 100.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `outerWidth` {{deprecated_inline}} (only in Firefox; obsolete from Firefox 80)
  - : Specifies the width of the whole browser window, in pixels. This
    `outerWidth` value includes the window vertical scrollbar (if present) and
    left and right window resizing borders.
- `outerHeight` {{deprecated_inline}} (only in Firefox; obsolete from Firefox 80)
  - : Specifies the height of the whole browser window, in pixels. This
    `outerHeight` value includes any and all present toolbars, the window horizontal
    scrollbar (if present), and top and bottom window-resizing borders. The minimal required
    value is 100.
```
